station/particle-photon/README.md, before:

Photon Setup Instructions
=========================

## Step 1: Setup Your Photon

Follow the [quickstart instruction][photon-setup] on photon website to create an particle account, connect your photon to the internet, and claim it under your account.

## Step 2: Connect Sensors

Take the PM Sensor for example, connect it to your photon like this:

PM Sensor Pins| Photon Pins
---------- | ----------
VCC (PIN1) | VIN (5V+ when powered via USB) 
GND (PIN2) | GND
RXD (PIN4) | TXD
TXD (PIN5) | RXD

## Step 3: Configure `API_KEY` and `SENSOR_ID`

Go to https://build.particle.io, and create an new app `SENSORWEB-STATION`.

Click on **Libraries** button, and find `HTTPCLIENT` in **Community Libraries**

Get in `HTTPCLIENT` library detail, and click on **INCLUDE IN APP**.

Go back to the app you just created, and paste following code inside the ino file.

https://github.com/sensor-web/arduino-station/blob/master/station/photon/photon-station.ino

Change the `SENSOR_ID` and `API_KEY` to those you get from [SensorWeb dashboard][sensorweb-profile].

## Step 4: Flash Firmware and Get it Running

Make sure your photon is connected and breathing cyan.

Click on **Devices** button in https://build.particle.io, and star the device you want to flash.

Click **Flash** button, if it's blinking purple, and reboot to breathing cyan after a while, it should be working properly.

## Step 3-4 Alternative: Flash with Command Line Tools

First you need to install particle-cli if you have not:
```
sudo npm install -g particle-cli
```

Login with your email and password
```
particle login
```

Make sure you `cd` into the `arduino-station/station/photon` directory,
change the `SENSOR_ID` and `API_KEY` in `photon-station.ino`
and flash code with following command:
```
particle flash {your_photon_name} ./*
```

## Voilà!

Go back to [SensorWeb dashboard][sensorweb-profile] to see your live data.

[photon-setup]: https://docs.particle.io/guide/getting-started/start/photon/#step-1-power-on-your-device
[sensorweb-profile]: http://sensorweb.io/profile

Commit message:

Add config file for Particle Photon Station

station/particle-photon/README.md, after:

# Particle Photon Station

## Setup

### Step 1: Setup Your Photon

Follow the [quickstart instruction][photon-setup] on photon website to create an particle account, connect your photon to the internet, and claim it under your account.

### Step 2: Connect Sensors

Take the PM Sensor for example, connect it to your photon like this:

PM Sensor Pins| Photon Pins
---------- | ----------
VCC (PIN1) | VIN (5V+ when powered via USB) 
GND (PIN2) | GND
RXD (PIN4) | TXD
TXD (PIN5) | RXD

### Step 3: Configure `API_KEY` and `SENSOR_ID`

Go to https://build.particle.io, and create an new app `SENSORWEB-STATION`.

Click on **Libraries** button, and find `HTTPCLIENT` in **Community Libraries**

Get in `HTTPCLIENT` library detail, and click on **INCLUDE IN APP**.

Go back to the app you just created, and paste following code inside the ino file.

https://github.com/sensor-web/arduino-station/blob/master/station/photon/photon-station.ino

Change the `SENSOR_ID` and `API_KEY` to those you get from [SensorWeb dashboard][sensorweb-profile].

### Step 4: Flash Firmware and Get it Running

Make sure your photon is connected and breathing cyan.

Click on **Devices** button in https://build.particle.io, and star the device you want to flash.

Click **Flash** button, if it's blinking purple, and reboot to breathing cyan after a while, it should be working properly.

## Step 3-4 Alternative: Flash with Command Line Tools

First you need to install particle-cli if you have not:
```
sudo npm install -g particle-cli
```

Login with your email and password
```
particle login
```

Make sure you `cd` into the `arduino-station/station/particle-photon` directory,
change the `SENSOR_ID` and `API_KEY` in `arduino-station/station/particle-photon/SensorWebCnfig.h`
and flash code with following command:
```
particle flash {your_photon_name} ./*
```

## Voilà!

Go back to [SensorWeb dashboard][sensorweb-profile] to see your live data.

[photon-setup]: https://docs.particle.io/guide/getting-started/start/photon/#step-1-power-on-your-device
[sensorweb-profile]: http://sensorweb.io/profile
